Update 2022-12-newsletter.md (#247)
vippsas/vipps-developers: newsletters/2022-12-newsletter.md

## Recurring API v3

> The new version of Vipps Recurring API v3 is live! (https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/recurring-api/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Vipps Recurring API v3](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/recurring-api/) is available.
```

> This API includes new and improved functionality for campaignes (for example "10 weeks for 10 kr" or "1 kr until Christmas"), the possibility to reserve and capture/partally capture a charge (specially important for physical subscriptions) and several technical improvements. Go here for Migration guide ( https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/recurring-api/v2-to-v3-migration-guide) and here for our Quick start guide including Postman collection ( https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/recurring-api/vipps-recurring-api-quick-start)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version includes new and improved functionality for campaigns (for example "10 weeks for 10 kr" or "1 kr until Christmas"), the possibility to reserve and capture (or partially capture) a charge (specially important for physical subscriptions) and several technical improvements. 

See the [migration guide]( https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/recurring-api/v2-to-v3-migration-guide) and the [quick start]( https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/recurring-api/vipps-recurring-api-quick-start) for more details.
```
